---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/chapter9.jpeg
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 9. Omnipotent Dust
date: 2023-6-18 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---
# ALL TROOPS HEAD TO THE SIXTH FLOOR!

"BUZZZ", An ear-deafening siren was heard all over the Fourth Reich's government building in Cean city. 

“What?! Not while I’m still eating!” Brad rolled his eyes in extreme annoyance and retracted his foot from resting on a nearby stool as reaction to the siren as if it was a bodily reflex.

"It is now 2 pm. I repeat. IT IS NOW 2PM. Architects, you may have a quick break over at The Boulangerie on the 3rd Floor. New hires may attend our short seminar over in the amphitheater room. 

Engineers, your lunch break is over, please move over to the TRO Room.", A rigid and robotic voice announced to the employees in the building via the numerous amounts of PA system there. 

An extremely bloated Brad struggles to chew his titanic portion of some inhumane bits of wet wheat that was old and expired Spaghetti bolognaise. Every inch of his stomach’s cell begs Brad to puke it all and it was ready to explode in epic proportions like a dying star. 

"THWACK!", Brad foot drops on to the floor from the chair and a cracking thud was heard all over the mess hall.

"Man, I got to be fast, they'll fire me on the first day if I show up late!", Brad’s right foot stepped hastily with the same vigour as a 20 year old bull whipped by a jockey loaded with highly concentrated psychedelic drugs.

Everyday, the new trainees are all bunched up into a cramped amphitheater hall and due to the amount of people residing in a single room, the air around the room is as damp as air around the usual morning mist or a foggy and swampy marshland. 

Before they can do anything inside the room though, a single Glowie is usually deployed to be the corporate equivalent of a nightclub bouncer, although this time, instead of checking the guest-list, they use a ring-like device that detects whether a person’s Pin of Truth have been tampered on illegally or not. 

If a person has their Pin of Truth and it hasn’t been scratched or haven’t shown the signs of third-party modification, for example, the Pin glowing blue, they are automatically allowed access inside the room.

Free to use the luxurious although cramped lounge amenities, like warmed-up beds and some refreshing fusion mojito beverages.

The same case cannot be said for someone who haven’t met the requirements to go inside. By law, tampering with the Pin of Truth is highly illegal, and many of the reasons blacklisted individuals have disappeared, is simply due to the fact that they have modified their Pin.

Every drop of Brad’s sweat carries his anxious thoughts about whether he will pass or not. This may be THE watershed moment in the crucial rebellion against the tyrannical rule that the Fourth Reich governed in. 

Due to the extreme silence in the checking room, even the mere sound that a trickle of water makes is noticeable enough for a guard that is five meters away.

Combine that with the copious amounts of sweat that dropped from Brad’s skin makes him highly suspicious to the eyes of the Glowie.

“TICK, TOCK, THREE O’CLOCK!”, the voice in Brad’s head reminds him of the fact that he is 15 minutes away from being inspected. The long waiting time is due to the fact that many trainees are taken away for supposed “further inspection”.

With a drone-like voice behind a metal mask, the Glowie came with the awaited revelation. “Bradbury Ahlen, please step up to the observance counter.”

“Here goes everything.”, Brad stood and grabbed his laptop case for checking by the Glowie.

The Glowie used the typical scanning machine that you’d see at the mall for scanning electronic device. It wouldn’t be all smooth sailing from that point on.

He spun his chair 180 degrees to the right and grabbed from a small cupboard, the one ring that can point out the letters to his downfall. “A SPY”.

The hand that wore the ring danced elegantly, hovering around all part of Brad’s body, all the while he was in the most perplexed state he was in since he first came to The Kingpin’s lair. 

The Glowie’s middle and thumb finger was primed and ready to do a snapping motion.

“SNAP!”, the Glowie, snapped its fingers, although nothing out of the ordinary happened to Brad, he wasn’t brutally bruised up or got even a single tiny scratch on his skin.

In Brad’s mind, he whispers to himself, “What the hell? Is it just like that?”.

Once again, the Glowie said in an extremely muffled and distorted voice, “Pass.”. Brad was a bit stunned and fazed so he had some latency in his actions right until the same Glowie stared him in the eye so he knew he had to scoot over quickly. 

He got a flashback to the moment that The Kingpin gave him some electronics in his pin as protection against the scanning device.

“I control the Ministry of Truth, of course I know my way around here. My personal assistant figured out a way to block the Glowies’ scanning gadgets, and this device is the result. A chip inside the Pin of Truth. It’s too small for them to detect even with the latest and greatest that modern technology has to offer.”

“Of course! it all made sense now…”

The strong blizzard of cold wind that swept all over the air in the room had instantaneously struck Brad with sickness and he felt the dire need to find the sleeping room and embrace with the warm touch of the artificially heated bedsheet.

“Why does that room look like it’s wiggling and wobbling, is the space around it just wrinkly bedsheet or something?, wait, AHA I KNOW!”, Brad ran over to the room like a drunken man, struggling to correct his shaky footsteps due to him being extremely sick.

He knew of the fact that the area around hot air looked like a wave and figured out that it was the sleeping room he was desperately looking for. 

Upon entering the room and immediately touching the warm bedsheet with his practically frostbitten hands, “AHH now that’s better. I wanna be here for 5 more hours.”, Brad climbed onto the bed and relaxed his whole body.

“EVERYONE PLEASE GATHER TO THE RIGHT WING OF THE AUDITORIUM”, 
“It’s that ear deafening siren once again, FINE YOU REICH FREAKS!!”

Brad was lucky to even lament privately in his brain. Other poor folks who still had their original Pin of Truth unmodified are mentally unable to think of a single rebellious thought against the Fourth Reich regime.

A schizophrenic old man showed up and hastily handed Brad a single piece of paper that has a number written on it. “5”.

He ran like the wind and the person controlling the PA system clearly upset by the unruly situation at hand, announced to the guards to catch the same schizophrenic man.

“ALL TROOPS HEAD TO THE SIXTH FLOOR”.
In the middle of the chase, a dusty storm had covered the whole amphitheater hall.
