---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/tfs1.jpeg
navigation: True
title: Textbook of Frostbiting Silence, Chapter 1, A pencil is not a pencil.
date: 2023-5-30 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---

# Pencils are simple objects, are they really always like that though?

It’s an unusually snowy winter midnight at a school library next to the town hall of Okata-go. 
The door of the library was banged to the sound of ancient tribal tunes, minutes later, its glasses were shattered, pieces scattered all over the entrance chamber of the library and door had dropped to a thundering thud. No old and senile librarian was staggeringly alerted as it was on the dead of night.

The beastly figure entered the library while emanating some ominous aura in the air. Meanwhile, a security guard was on a nightly shift duty. 

Checking the classes on the second floor for any students still residing in the class past closing hours, as the school had a history of some daring teenagers sleeping in the class and videotaping the whole event marketing it to their fellow friends as a bet-worthy challenge to see if they could make it out without being caught by the terrifying school headmaster, who instead goes on evening rounds around the school.

Nick murmurs to himself the lyrics to his favourite Lamb Of God song. “What hath been wrought for 30 pieces of silver!”, while jingling the keys to the classes like a machiavellian Alcatraz prison warden.

“One more round around town and dinner is waiting for me lined with red carpets. Next stop on the hibernating train is! the library!”, he announced those words out loud while raising his hands a parallel 90 degrees to the front like steering a car and ran along the chilling linoleum school floors.

“Wait, what are these? sandy footprints? I thought the football field was 300 meters away from the main school building.” Nick had found some sand that were a bit misplaced and continued to investigate them, eventually following them all the way to the huge library that was Okata-go Junior High’s.

“ACHOO!”, Nick was allergic to sand-dust and tried to avoid gusting them up to not sneeze wildly.

“Gesundheit.”, A gentle and kind voice blessed Nick after his huge sneeze.

“Thank you.”, Nick’s innocent smile and grateful state of mind turned into utter confusion as he observed the school hall with no one inside of them. He had checked every nook and cranny for some naughty student but none turned up.

Every step he took the wood creaked as it was damaged by some sort of “thing”. A book was seen on his eye’s horizon and it emanated a fluorescent sky blue glow around it and inscribed on it some archaic Nordic runes.

As Nick gets closer to the book, it rattled violently and eventually, the shelf it was on collapsed due to the Earthquake-like vibrations. It all stopped. For 2 whole minutes. 

*KABOOM* 

Nick was pushed back 30 meters and hit the hard concrete wall and the book emerged gloriously, a veil in front of the book revealed a creature ravaged with blood and its skin covered in those same Nordic runes the book was inscribed with.

It did not utter any word and was dead silent the whole time Nick witnessed it. No screams or screeching whatsoever.  

12 hours pass like fleeting seconds. Nick woke up to the sound of loud schoolchildren playing some basketball and one child attempting to go to the library, the only problem is that the access door to the library was covered in some of invisible force-field that made the library physically impossible to go in.

The enigmatic monster vanished while Nick slept and the library was restored back to its former glory, and The Textbook of Frostbiting Silence didn’t glow at all so Nick was unable to find it since it was, aside from its glow was practically indistinguishable from regular textbook about Scandinavian history.

5 painfully long hours go by without Nick having any lunch or breakfast and the storm came. The school was blessed by the weather raining cats and dogs and the veil around the library opened itself. 

“Are the book’s weaknesses rain? such a peculiar find.” Nick thought to himself while scratching his head being bamboozled. He went straight to his guard post and ate all the emergency supplies on his cupboard like a madman that didn’t feast for a week. 

“OMM NOMMM, huaaaah, I’m feeling a bit sleepy now, might go back to sleep”, Nick turns to Spotify for some trance-like music and puts on some calm Vaporwave music.

“Where am I? Wait, is this the library? Why am I in here again”, A second passed and a huge creature summoned right before his eyes in point-blank range. Poor Nick passed out catatonically and went into unconsciousness instantaneously. He manifested in the guard post once again.

Parallel storyline begins: Frederick the Silent One.

“….”, Frederick comes out of his car head facing the floor, hands all down, and rushes hurriedly to the elevator entrance.

“Sorry boy, the elevator is only for 2nd graders and disabled people only, you’re gonna have to take the stairs.” An elderly woman in the receptions desk said to Frederick.

He took a deep breath and began the long journey of walking the stairs.

By the time he was on the 5th floor, his body felt like he was carrying the weight of the two nuclear bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. He sat on his chair in the corner of the classes far-far away from anybody else. 

He was allowed to sit there by his teacher on premises that he didn’t have myopia like 70% of the other students in the class do.

“ZZZZZ”, Fred slept during a lecture of Physical Education as he didn’t deem the lecture to benefit him in any sort of way and he needed a lot of rest from pulling all-nighters during the weekend.

Taken from the Author’s Codex of Notes: “By the time you have read all of the above, you might be able to take a guess over what’s gonna happen now.

Fred didn’t open his eyes yet but his ears quickly noticed the precarious situation that he’s going to be in. 

He heard a loud tribal growl and the sound of guillotine blades whipping.
Fred opened his eyes and in an instant, he saw the creature covered with blood and he was instantly transported back to his classroom, albeit now at evening.

Did those two seconds that Fred spent with the monster dilated for several hours?
The small town of Okata-go might not be a mundane and lifeless one after all.
