---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/noneshallpass.png
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 4. None Shall Pass
date: 2023-4-5 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: Raymond
---
# None shall pass the mighty wall.

t’s the 30th of April 1984. Brad and the gang have gathered plans for a new genesis in the red-and-white world of The Fourth Reich. Meanwhile, The Oryza rebel cell had obtained new clues regarding this mysterious ancient map. A senile and purportedly insane old man may hold the final piece of the puzzle they tried to solve for years…

Wick Street is high on the list of some of the most dangerous alleyways in Oceania's Suburbs. It’s no wonder a lot of vagabonds and mentally unstable people move there to seek refuge from society. 

The people at Wick Street are also exposed to the dangerous Treponema virus that is found in a lot of mentally unstable people. The virus is extremely contagious and infects people easily, like a silent killer. Save for the ones that have the unique ability to commit deceit undetected, like Tarson Fisk.

To counteract this, the municipal government of The Fourth Reich had installed a titanic-and-impenetrable steel wall that turns into a substance that is as soft as butter when you were detected as being mentally unstable by the wall’s numerous emotional sensors, similar to the ones employed by the infamous patrol squadron, the Glowies. The opposite is also true.  Word of mouth around the area at Wick Street echoes the tale in which people got their Pin of Truth removed when they forcefully journeyed behind the wall and lived to tell the tale. Of course, a tale is not a tale without it being factually dubious or even outright serving as a propaganda tool by the Fourth Reich.

Log note 4. Location: Parabellum Street.

“Here’s the plan.” Sativa, head of the Oryza rebel cell announced to everybody.
“Wait, hold on commander, are we actually going to go there?” Indica points out the huge steel wall.

“That is exactly correct. Now, I need folks who aren’t going to chicken out. ANYONE WHO IS EVEN SLIGHTLY HESITANT ABOUT THIS MISSION CAN LEAVE RIGHT ABOUT NOW!” The commander exclaimed to everybody in the camp.

“With all due respect sir, I don’t wanna be a dead man. I’m leaving….” Europa chickened out.

“Good. We don’t want any deadweights around here, anyone else?!, No? All right, let’s configure the jamming transmitters.” Sativa ordered everyone to use their hacking devices to jam the emotional sensors of the wall. 

“All done commander. All we need now is a guinea pig to test the fooling mechanism.” Indica asks for volunteers that will go through the wall.

A young man steps up to the plate, and without a single thought in his head, he kicked the wall and it was successful. His kick went through and the thick, stoic, and titanic wall morphed into a buttery-soft material.

With the wall now easily penetrated, Sativa immediately ordered everyone to raid the village around Wick Street. Searching relentlessly for that one insane man that can help unlock the map.

“Young man, would you like some candy?” A black-bearded senile man emerges from the shadow of an alleyway. His jacket had some inscriptions that were completely identical to the ones on Sativa’s map.

“There! Chase him!” Sativa ordered everyone to go after the man.

The man kindly offering some candy was startled by this and he ran as fast as the wind. Experience does beat the battle-trained Oryza cell and he was soon nowhere to be found from the eagle-eyed sight of Sativa, lost in the huge maze that is Wick Street.

After 5 grueling hours chasing the enigmatic man, they finally caught him near a dumpster that seems to be his home base. The Oryza rebel cell finally inquired him about the map.

“Seriously? That garbage ARG is still going on?” The man groaned.

“What ARG old man? this is not a game.” Sativa was bamboozled by the man’s response, was it all of it really just a game designed by the Fourth Reich to distract them?

“That orb too? He trolled you guys big time. No such thing as a north continent here. Just some glowies patrolling around.”  The old man was certain that the Oryza rebel cell was wasting their breaths until Indica pulls out the mysterious map.

The tone of the skeptical old man’s voice suddenly changed from a crazy old madman into a rigid businessman. “So it was true….”

He snatched the map and like a bodily reflex, Sativa pulled out his gun, thinking the man was going to steal it. Alas, he didn’t.

The man, with a touch of his index finger, warped the scriptures and it was now fully readable by humans.

“Behind the most solitude and unmoving ziggurat lies your bounty, but be wary traveler, the figure does not sleep.” The map revealed its secret, although the rebel cell seems to have more questions now than answers.

Sativa grabs the old man and yells, “Where’s the ziggurat? Who is the figure?”.
The old man seems to know nothing about this matter, his only role being a translator.

“Don’t you know it, commander? In ham radio circles, the daily transmission that I play in the tank, ziggurat refers to the government building in Oceania. What could be a more fitting name than a place with a similarly mysterious origin.” Indica seems to have some insight as to what the map speaks out.

“All right, I’m listening.” Sativa calms down.

“Now, we know that the pathway to the north continent could be locked away in a basement in the government building, or it could not be there. The thing that we don’t have any idea about now is, who the hell is the figure? he sounds like a most fearsome enemy.” Indica revealed to the rebel cell.

Little did they know, however, while they were exploring Wick Street, the siren that signals an illegal breach in the wall has been blared out. Everyone who was stationed to guard around the wall has been either captured or dead, hunted down by the Glowies that were investigating the breach.

To be continued after the 15th of April 2023.
