---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/hardto.png
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 7, Hard to Starboard.
date: 2023-5-20 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---

# All hands on deck men!

Author's note: Sorry, no chapter covers until either: 1. I learn how to draw good 2. the 14th of June.


It’s pitch dark at midnight. Even though from the ground, they are only to be witnessed as minuscule specks of light, clusters of stars far-far away scorches brilliantly with their phoenix-light glow. No human civillization are seen for about a hundred miles away.

The tranquil peace in the forest was broken up by a group of rebel militias who use their razor-sharp machetes to slice up some stubborn foliage on their long and treacherous route to the almost-mythical Stargator Nest. 

A place that so far, only seasoned navigators have ever seen and call their home.
At some point along the journey, the rebel cell stumbled across an old road signage that was inscribed with the words: “<- Port / Nest ->”. 
The rebel cell, desperately searching for any and all clues that might lead them to the Nest, whether big or small, followed the sign without any hesitance. 

A few seconds later, unbeknownst to the rebel cell, the sign had automatically changed its direction by turning the sign around 180 degrees to the left. It was a trap made by some senior navigators to dispel people trying to go to the nest that weren’t an active navigator, since one of their kind could easily figure out how the trap work.

It was too late however, and the sign directed them straight to the Port of Eternal Wandering, where delusional sailors sailed from to forever wonder the Aegean Sea.

There was only one small boat available for the rebel cell to sail. It was broken, raggedy and rustic, it looked like it had accumulated multiple wear and tear damages on the stern from being used for what looks like a couple of enduring centuries. Given that no other choice was available, the rebel cell had to take what was left of the port.

“Unfurl the sails and head hard to starboard, to the Nest!”, Sativa ordered the men to begin preparations for sailing.

A few hours later, the harsh heat and humidity of the Aegean Sea had begun to take its toll on the Oryza rebels, while some had seasickness, showcasing the usual symptoms of nausea whilst also vomiting uncontrollably, others were dehydrated due to a lack of drinking water supply on the boat. Because of this, the leader of the rebel cell, Sativa, had to finally call in a meeting that would decide whether they should continue onwards marching steadfastly (hopefully) to the Nest, or whether they should call off the search and return to the Port to gather some essential supplies.

During the discussion, Sativa knew of the risks if they were to continue, and wisely decided to call off the search. At least now they won’t be fooled by such a simple and stupid trap, and if they were to continue sailing towards the inner belt, they would be trapped there forever due to the extremely calm ocean and wind currents inside and would not be able to sail anywhere in accordance to the known laws of Physics.

Simply put, an eternal damnation on Earth.

It’s now sunrise at the Port of Eternal Wandering, the crew threw a big party when they came back and the miasma of joyful laughter dominated the air. 

Not everybody was in a joyful state of mind though. With every step Sativa took was carrying the heavy weight of his heart as he walked towards a huge rock that has the form of a giant throne next to the troublesome sign that got them to this whole mess in the first place. He sat there in the pose of The Thinker.

“I have a bad feeling about this expedition.”

Just as he yearned to get a single tiny clue to the nest, he saw in the corner the sign spinning once again, now he knows the fact that it was all a trap all along and now he orders his men to follow him to the Nest once again.

Out of the blue, the skies itself rumbled and the sun died in one fell swoop.
Sativa lamented the unpredictability of his situation, it looks like as if he was hallucinating or gone mad. So, he punched his own head so hard that he fell unconscious almost instantaneously right after he kissed the rock-hard floor of the Earth.

The place where he was walking on was covered in a thick, misty-pink smoke, not your usual kind of mist in the marshy swamplands is it?. 

Sativa woke up in an underground cave although the only problem now is the fact that he was the only one of the Oryza rebels that showed up there.

A musty, unbearable odor had swept the whole cave.

“Indica? Europa?” Sativa exclaimed to the empty audience of the cave.
A scan on his own computer showed a colony of human life around 40 clicks north of his current position and some slowly approaching his location. 
