---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/chapter5.png
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 5. Are the chains locked yet?
date: 2023-5-03 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: koetjing
---

# What were you doing on Wick Street huh?

“Map apprehended, This is Sativa. Pangaea squadron, please respond. We’re about to leave the outer wall.” Little did Sativa know, however, the fearsome and battle-trained Pangaea squadron were mere ants in the eyes of the Glowies and they made quick work of the unit. An impending Titanomachy was awaiting Sativa’s men.

“Indica, can you use your phone to scan this greenish substance?”, Sativa asked.
“Sure, please give me a minute.” Sativa was skeptical as to what the substance consisted of, he had heard of the information that the dangerous Treponema virus often, although not consistently, glowed around the objects that it occupied. What was not known at the time, however, was the color of this deadly substance and so, countless oblivious people have fallen prey to this virus.

Soon enough, Sativa’s suspicions were confirmed. It was the infamous Treponema virus. There was a bunch of them everywhere in the village around Wick Street and soon, one by one, Sativa’s men fell prey to these blobby masses and the only ones left standing were Oryza’s strongest. They were, of course, Sativa’s personal guards. 

After 5 grueling days of avoiding the extremely contagious spread of the Treponema virus, Sativa found a hole in the wall that allows them to escape the spherical madness inside the wall.

Expecting solace outside the wall, Sativa and gang exhaled a huge breath of relief but their faces were as white as paper when they witnessed the Glowies on the rim of the wall scouting for intruders. 

“Get down, take cover behind this rock!” Sativa ordered everyone to hide from the Glowies.

“Patrol squadron unit 34 reporting to central Oceania HQ, a few intruders have been secured, still currently assessing the situation here around Wick Street, over.”

“Very well, return to HQ at sundown.” Seconds, minutes and hours pass, they lie on the same rock for hours, until the Glowies finally walked away.

Now that the Oryza rebel cell or what remains of them have successfully obtained and translated the map, there is finally one more place that the Oryza rebel cell needs to pay a visit before going on the huge journey to the North Continent and that is the Stargator nest, a place where legendary navigators of this red and white world settles, retires and dies…

Such a place would probably have one or two daring or deranged enough navigator to even consider searching for the mythical north continent.

“Indica, as a former disciple of a navigator, you must have known the location of Stargator nest is right?” Sativa inquired to Indica.

“Not as easy as that commander.” Indica 

“To get to Stargator nest, you must either be an active independent navigator, or have been in contact with a mentor navigator for the last 30 days, and don’t you know it, I have neither of those conditions fulfilled as of now.” A question vanquished in the quest of the elusive north continent always brings up another puzzle to solve.

“I can try to contact my mentor, though he always seems to bring up excuses not to answer my calls.” Indica said.

“No problem!, just try to contact him right now.” Sativa responded

Meanwhile at “The Shack” in Stargator nest.

“TRINKKKTRINKK” The phone ringed loudly.
“Zzzzz KABOOM”, “What the hell? it’s literally 3 am in the morning” Graken the Navigator was understandably annoyed.

“Heys pops! Could I ask you a small favor?” Indica tries to sound as positive as possible, while trembling behind the scenes knowing that her mentor was going to be upset.

“Of all the trillions of people in the world, you call me again? are you gonna come here and take my pillows for the last godforsaken time?” Indica had quite a history with her former mentor, often stealing his pillows, part of the reason that Graken banned her from ever becoming his disciple again.

Indica takes a deep breath and begins the long journey of asking her mentor.
The call went on for around 5 hours from noon till sundown and Indica looks visibly exhausted after the call.

Graken had finally agreed to give the elusive map to the Stargator nest with one condition that they invited him to the quest for the north continent. 
20 days after the brutal journey of crossing the Aegean seas, the Oryza rebel cell finally arrived at the Stargator nest. 

All that they have to do now, is to recruit a navigator, but that was checklisted already as they now have Indica’s mentor navigator on their side.

Meanwhile: At the Suburbs upon Oceania.

“Mr Kingpin? Can you tell me what those lights out the window means? Some sort of astronomical phenomenon that I don’t know of?” Brad, oblivious to the fact that the Glowies have successfully tracked the missing student from The Farms.
