---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/uniyani.jpg
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 3. New Genesis
date: 2023-3-28 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---

# New Genesis of a dystopian world.

In the nation of The Fourth Reich, the old wife’s tales whispers of an ancient folkloric song in which it is said that beyond the numerous misty, rocky, and treacherous valleys of death in the north continent artificially made by the Oceanian government lies a utopian haven, where everyone can do anything without any disturbing supervision from the vicious patrols of The Fourth Reich. 
It was also told that in that the north continent was the origin of the entire human race, the Fourth Reich had never touched these forsaken lands because it was too hazardous to explore.

Of course, such a pipe dream wasn’t possible and no one believed it, except for the Oryza rebel cell. No man or woman who still lives to this day had ever contacted them before, except for some infamous outlaws blacklisted by the Oceania HQ themselves. 

If you were ever blacklisted by the HQ, just like in The Legend of Tarson Fisk, you would never show up in the face of society ever again. However, the only caveat is the fact that all your records and documents are still kept intact in the Reich's computers, so if they had labeled you as being lost after hunting you down, and if you were to emerge again, you would be immediately arrested for highly suspicious activities and be locked away for an indefinitely long time in the dreadful room in the central government building in Oceania.

Back in the abandoned theatre meanwhile.

“Mr. Kingpin, all hope is lost right?, there’s no way we can escape the evil clutches of the Fourth Reich” Brad tries to gather up his thoughts while he is panicking. 

“Although unlikely it is, there is indeed one thing left.” The Kingpin responded.
He scurried round and round searching every nook and cranny of the humongous theatre at the speed of an enraged wasp and he came up with a single piece of paper.

The path is long and filled with numerous traps, but if they do succeed with this, maybe the fate of the Reich’s population wouldn’t be so dark and gloomy.
“The Oryza rebel cell. Have you ever heard of them? They can help us…” The Kingpin inquired to Brad.

“Yeah, I have heard of them before. I don’t think we can get much help from dead boogeymen.” Brad wasn’t so much as a tiny bit optimistic about what The Kingpin brought up to the table.

“I had contact with them a few years prior.”
“I thought that rebel cells were blacklisted a few decades ago? How did you even manage to establish contact with them in the first place?” Brad was in shock and awe at the fact that these two enigmatic figures can disappear entirely from the falcon-eyed radar of the Reich’s network of patrols

Tarson Fisk reveals that the Oryza rebel cell had talked to him personally to share intel about this mysterious north continent. In their monthly expeditions, they had found a very small coin-like artifact deep in the depths of an ancient Mediterranean city that magically teleports them to a mysterious gatekeeper, a red orb that only floats but can talk with the capabilities of a human person. This gatekeeper has entrusted the Oryza rebel cell with a map that erases randomly and at certain times would show up again, this time with different routes. 
Not just that, however. The map was written in a different language, it looks like the language that a crazy old man on Wick Street graffitied every other day.

Of course, the gatekeeper also vanished into the surrounding misty caves. Moments later, the Oryza rebel cell was transported back to the place where they found the coin-like artifacts. 

That’s the place where they immediately went of course.
