---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/sleightof.png
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 6: A sleight of hand.
date: 2023-5-19 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---

# The Kingpin has returned.

Prologue: The Kingpin brought up the possibility of a revolutionary new plan to shake the red and white world that is The Fourth Reich, although whether it is guaranteed to be successful is up for grabs.

Every single passing second for Brad is him feeling the pain of his fellow students in the farm and he would really like to contribute to this revolution. For now, he can't really do anything major, and so, The Kingpin assigns him some scouting missions to be conducted deep within the Capital...

 "Hey, could you get that big blue folder for me?", The Kingpin asks Brad a favor.

"Sure, just give me a minute." 
Brad picks up the blue folder, for such a small folder it is surprisingly pretty heavy.

The Kingpin, not wanting to waste anymore time than they did chilling in the theater, got straight to the point.

"Brad, I want you read the files in that folder, it contains some information about where you're going to stay and tomorrow, I'll send you off on a train bound for Cean, the capital city." 

"Are you actually serious right now? I just got away from the hellscape that is The Farms about a week ago, the Glowies probably stuck up some bounties for me on electric poles everywhere." Brad definitely didn't agree to this mission if he was going there just guns blazing.

The Kingpin was not that shortsighted about plans though. He knew of the risks if Brad were to be caught and interrogated in that one sinister room.
His secret identity would be found out and he would be caught too.
And so, The Kingpin made up a whole bunch of disguises for Brad to use, like some high-tech radio jamming phones and the most important of them all, he provided Brad with some fake credentials that were forged right in the heart of the government office. 

"Ok, but with all due respect Mr. Kingpin? what the hell am I going to do in the government building anyway? mop the floor and become a janitor or something?" 

"Great question. For the next 2 months, you will need to gather intel on a superweapon that only technicians get to see. Even if you are a really high-ranking officer like me, the secret is extremely well guarded." 

"Wait, what if they discover--" 
"Just sleep man. You're going to need a lot of rest for tomorrow." 

The Kingpin slammed his door hard. Brad's head, heavy with all the responsibility he will have to carry, drops dead on his bed, arms wide open and legs hanging on the side, quickly snores as loud as a lawn mower.

9/10/24. Log Location: Jack's Cross Station at the Suburbs.

"Safe travels Brad."
"Thank you Mr."

First day at the office. It's awfully quiet around here. Pin drops and clock ticks dominate the surroundings. Not a single laugh heard around the office halls and worst of all, everyone is reservedly stern. 

"Ok. Technician's office. EZ PZ." Brad speaks to himself in his head as he scurries around for the notes the Kingpin gave him.

"Head to the 8th floor, 16th corridor, Z block. The note says."
"Should be easy enough right?" Brad will soon regret his words.

"Get your pin of truth checked today!" What was that? a familliar voice? How comforting.

Brad discovers the source of the voice was actually those same daily propaganda broadcasts on the TV. 

"A ha! here it is. The technician's room and I see a single cube of office glowing blue. I will check that out."

Everyone's cubes are labeled in a type of black metal and engraved on it are their identities, date of births, gender and all sorts of personal information. Nobody has privacy in the nest of hell.

Brad arrives at his desk. He already sees the plans of the superweapon in front of him. Stationaries already tidied up and an AI in the computer greeted him with the word "Let's work towards a better future. Your contract is set to expire at around 9/12/25. During the contract, you are not allowed to go back home, don't you worry! We have already set up your room in our inn on the 3rd floor. Room number 124765. Have a nice day." The AI uttered in a calm yet terrifying manner.

Brad lost consciousness right after he was able to comprehend the message.

A big thud was heard all round the technician's office. 
