---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/Chapter2.png
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 2
date: 2023-3-17 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---
# A Fool's Errand

Brad and The Kingpin laid low far from the core of Oceania in the quiet and tranquil suburbs to stay under the radar of the infamous patrol squadrons of The Fourth Reich. Rumours say that these squadrons will take in anyone who they think are suspicious and they will immediately arrest them. After their arrest warrants are over, they will return to their normal lives a completely brand new person, usually not in a good way. 

The appearances of the Reich’s eyes and ears always stands out in front of the crowd. 

By design, these suits will usually glow to the colour of red and white. Although, for purportedly “strategical” reasons, if the suit detects an imminent threat, they will immediately glow to the colour of green to alert the situation to the squadron men using them. For this reason, the squadron men are nicknamed, The Glowies. 

Nervousness is included in the suit’s list of emotions that it detects as suspicious and because of this, people usually try to stay away from the squadron’s bad side. That gave birth to the number one most important unwritten rule when visiting downtown Oceania, if you see anyone glowing green near you, run faster than Sonic The Hedgehog for your life. 

That is of course, unless you are one of the chosen ones at birth that has the extremely unique ability to deceive anyone whilst your true emotions are completely undetected from the squadron’s suits.
The Kingpin is one of those lucky persons.

After the whole charade in The Kingpin’s lair, Brad had also considered to help out his noble cause, but decided not to because of he feared that the Reich would find out about the whole resistance operation of Tarson Fisk and punishes him in the most infamous room at the Government of Truth, which is so dreadful, that no one dares to even utter a single syllable of the room’s name. 

The Pin of Truth in everyone’s brain meant that anyone in the outside world that they talk to except The Kingpin and his followers can become a watchful and trusty eye for The Fourth Reich. 

Meanwhile, in The Farms upon Oceania.

“Listen up pigs! as you may have heard, those up to no-good Glowies will visit us this week for the yearly mind check, so you pigs better confess your sins before you get thrown into the inferno!” The Master of The Farms announced the terrifying news via the PA system of the Farms. 

In the lunch hall, emotions ran high.
“Things just got from bad to worse in here, I sure do hope they don’t arrest me to that room” Mark remarked while talking to his lunchmates.
This was a calm response however. Other students in the Farm who had a history of actual suspicious behaviour started to freak out.

“Man, I DON’T WANNA DIE THIS YOUNG!!!”, “I WANT MOMMYY!!!”.

What the master didn’t announce however, was the fact that the Glowies were coming right on that day. At night. 
This was to get an accurate reading of the farm’s inhabitant’s true emotions when in distress.

Mark was a night owl, and so he often slept a lot later than his roommates and so he was basically their watchful eye.
“KRAAAAAK” the gate of the farm were blown open by the Glowies’ hard kicks.

“Mark, what kind of evil stunt are you doing by waking us up?” Mark’s roommate groaned.
Little did they know the fact that the one who did this evil stunt was the Glowies themselves.

The first Glowie had entered the door. Everyone were extremely distraught because they were rudely awoken but that was quickly replaced by fear. “EVERYONE LINE UP OR LINE UP FOR HELL” exclaimed The Glowies in a loud manner.

Everyone lined up to be emotionally checked, one by one, the glowies were all glowing green, and one by one, the prisoners who had a really bad record were arrested with charge without an access to a court of law.
“This is definitely bad news.” Mark thought to himself.

It was Mark’s time to be checked. 

The Glowies equipped his head with a strange helmet that has cables that connects to the Glowies’ actual suit.
“1, 2, 3, SCANNING, TRRRRRRINGGG……”, “Kid, you’re clear to go.”.

Mark was astonished at how, even though he felt very nervous and had seen his life flashing before his eyes thinking he was going to die a horrible death, he passed the indomitable emotion test of The Glowies. It was all a sign that Mark was one of the chosen few with the rare power of lying undetected.

Although he himself was lucky, his other friends were unfortunately not. In the days that followed, Mark’s roommates began to disappear one by one after the Glowies’ routine emotional check. Until eventually, the cramped bedroom that he was assigned to were suddenly empty.

To be continued in Chapter 3 which is probably going to be released in Friday night or something.

