---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/chapter8.jpeg
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned, Chapter 8. Office Politics
date: 2023-5-21 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---

# Politics loaded with some haze.

“RING RING!”, Jim the Time-Keeper rang with bumbling enthusiasm atop the quivering ground plateau that is Brad’s tabletop desk. 
An astounding grand-total of 3 days have passed with each and every painful second the boredom sinks in like wooden splinters passing through an innocent small child’s finger. 

The only available items that Brad has access to was the TV, a bed, a shower and an old war-era computer with the computing capabilities of a six year old. Not to mention the fact that the TV only has access to the usual daily propagandas and some cooking show for survival in the woods.

To cope with the boredom, he nicknamed all of the objects in his room, his bed Dom, his clock Jim and finally, his personal computer Clarence. 
Like someone with end-stage schizophrenia, he talks to them each day at 5 pm when he is over with his training duties. 

The brutalist architecture of his inn also doesn’t help. A depressingly accurate reminder about the nature of the neck breaking work he is about to live in. White wallpaper that reeks of lung cancer-inducing asbestos are plastered on every single inch of the wall. Fortunately, the new trainees are only kept at the inn for 5 days.

Each day specifically at every 4 am, those same new trainees are rudely awoken from their deep slumber by violently shaking their beds and the technologies behind it taken from earthquake machines that tests buildings to concrete city zonal standards.

Like a spiritually possessed demon straight out of hell, the bed rages out in the morning as if he was screaming in anger, but not in a vocal manner, but by reflexively trapping Brad in its warm embrace right until the moment Brad screams out evocatively in anger and excruciating pain, the bed catches his screams in a sensor planted inside the aluminum frames of the bed itself, and it takes it as a sign that its host has been successfully awoken.

“YOU CRAZY BED LOADED WITH SHWERT’S CANDIES!, PUT ME DOWN RIGHT NOW OR I WIL-“,
Brad immediately frowned with disappointment, he realized that he has virtually no power against the robotic henchmen of the Fourth Reich.

Even if he shows even a sliver of dissatisfaction in his face, The Glowies will be immediately summoned to his room by the warden at the Inn and he will have to hope to god that he can deceive them, even though the only people known to have that fearsome ability is Tarson Fisk himself and Mark, his best friend from the Farms.
 
Brad orients himself to sit on the bed, then slowly puts one feet on the ground and the other 5 cm apart, the way his foot was aching was as if he stepped on a rock that originated from a volcano that erupted just short of 5 minutes ago.

“All that sprint probably made my feet get carpal tunnel or something, anyways I need to bath, training’s gonna be in 2 hours”, he grabbed a towel nearby, unwraps it and puts it over his shoulders, and made the painful journey of walking into the bathroom.

“No warm water huh? guess I’ll have to deal with cold showers for now.”, Brad reaches out for the metallic shower handle, and bullets of water impacts Brad’s skin like hypodermic needles in a surgery. Needless to say, it was extremely cold.

Once Brad is all suited up and prepared for the daily training, he had to watch some propaganda news first, and boy was it boring. 

“Channel 1”, “THE KINGPIN ANNOUNCES NEW ROAD INFRASTRUCTURE IN OHIO.”
“Channel 2”, “REICH PARTY INTERVENES AT THE YEARLY OPOT SUMMIT IN OCEANIA.”, Brad decided to just doze off on the silky bed rather than listening to these dumpster fires.

Now it’s time for training, Clarence, the computer, beeps for 4 times and turns on to the BIOS boot up screen of the corporate company Reich Megatrends, they are the reigning monopolistic entity when it comes to all things technology related in the red and white world of Oceanic. All of the company’s activities are sponsored by the Fourth Reich itself and its profits used to fuel the central government’s countless dubious endeavors.

*SURREAL TRAINING MONTAGE PLAYS*

It’s now 4 pm, Brad’s eyelids are all nothing but sacs of dead weight, he now sits lifelessly without a single thought in his mind. 

A reminder with a unique color coding suddenly popped up to his computer, it was an invitation to the office of engineers.

Log note: Reich Government Office in Oceania.

Because of his previous visit, he knew where to look at for his department’s office, and he went straight to the elevator.
His cubicle now lighted up to the color of cyan, possibly indicating to a pending job, according to the guides on the wall.

Brad raised his hand, reaching out for his would-be fellow co-workers whilst waving for a simple hi, all they replied was with a cold, lifeless stare. 

Office politics have never been so direct.
