---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/thelegendoftarsonfisk.jpeg
navigation: True
title: All is Normal as Planned Chapter 1.
date: 2023-3-14 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: raymond
---
# The Legend of Tarson Fisk

The capital of this far-far never-land was “The Red and White Oceania” (inspired from the book 1984). The ruling government is The Fourth Reich. Their public ideals is to create a better tomorrow for everyone, when in reality, they only sought to gain profit from manipulating the masses.

In this world, there is no such thing as true free expression and thought. All the traffic that goes about in one’s mind is regulated and censored by the hypocritical and self-proclaimed “Ministry of Truth”. The true goal of these brainwashing tactics are only known by the “Board of Directors”, the true rulers of this world. 

These restrictions in one’s mind are enforced on the neurological level by The Pin of Truth, A device that suppresses “unsponsored ideals”, such as rebelling against The Fourth Reich. When a child is born, the pin is embedded on one’s brain in a mandatory surgical operations that happens in official Seedling Centers.

The Ministry of Truth is spearheaded by The Kingpin, or his mysterious real name, Tarson Fisk.
In the daily propaganda broadcasts, he is only depicted by a friendly, but secretly sinister Journal of Truth, an anthropomorphic book which is the public mascot of the enigmatic Ministry of Truth.

In reality, rumours circulating around “The Farms”, (factories in which aspiring students who’ve held a record of so called “bad discipline” wanders around lifelessly, only directed to blindly follow orders) whispers of a legend in which anyone who’ve witnessed this mysterious figure’s true appearance vanishes into the thin air and all the records and documents pertaining to the unfortunate person who saw him were forever struck from the record.

Log note: 20th May of 1984.
Location: The Farms upon Oceania.

“ey Brad, come here!” says Mark.
“G’day Mark! what’s the hold up?” Brad responded.
Mark points out to a mysterious white mist behind a packaging machine to an oblivious Brad.

A bit of background. The legend of Tarson Fisk also mentions of a mist that sucks in anyone who tries to get in, and teleports them to the lair of The Kingpin. The location where the mists manifests are not known however. Since Brad was a new hire, he wasn’t aware of the legend yet, and walked to the site of this mysterious new phenomenon.

Log note: Unknown date.
Location: Abandoned theatre at The Suburbs upon Oceania.

“Where am I?” Brad exclaimed to the empty audience of an abandoned theatre.
“Welcome, young one. To my humble abode.” whispered the disembodied voice.
Brad staggered upon recognizing the tone of the voice, it was the same sound of that one friendly anthropomorphic book that he saw while lying down on his couch watching the daily propaganda broadcast.

“Hello?! Who are you really? and where am I being held up at?!” shouted Brad while his face being as white as paper.

“Tis I, Tarson Fisk. The Kingpin.” announced the figure as it emerges from the darkness.
Brad was stunned to know that this figure was the real Kingpin and to confirm his suspicions, the silhouette of the figure also held a notebook and a pen, resembling the Journal of Truth.

*I swear at this point I’m kinda having writer’s block right now.”

The figure instantaneously appeared before Brad in a flash of smoke and before Brad could even express any emotion on his face, the figure suddenly stunned Brad to unconsciousness by karate-chopping him on the nape.
Brad woke up in an operating theater that looks like it came straight out of a sci-fi movie, and he felt his head was a lot more lighter than usual.
He haven’t opened his eyes yet and he heard the figure yet again. “Check reflexes,” BOINK, “Ow that kinda hurts my leg joint” Brad thought in his mind.

Once he opened his eyes, he saw the Kingpin’s true forms with his other “victims” emerging from the darkness. The Mysterious Legend of Tarson Fisk had once again bamboozled Brad, since he thought that the victims of Tarson Fisk were murdered or even killed, they were instead actually just fine. Brad’s pin was also removed from his brain so he had free reign over his thoughts again.

“Are you actually The Kingpin though?” Brad inquired.

Tarson Fisk heartily laughed, “Son, that’s a really good joke!!”. He then proceeded to explain the true nature of The Legend of Tarson Fisk.
The Legend were actually created by the Board of Directors to instill fear in people to make them avoid this “evil” Tarson Fisk who actually just wanted to help people to remove their Pin of Truth, if they were to be removed from the masses, the Director’s true goal of manipulating them would be in ruin.


Chapter 1. The Legend of Tarson Fisk finished. Next chapter upcoming at “unknown date”.
